Fixed #32820 -- Added aria-invalid="true" to fields with errors. (#17111)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.txt

  fields with their help text, the form field now includes the
  ``aria-describedby`` HTML attribute.

> * To improve accessibility ``aria-invalid="true"`` is added to the widget of
>   invalid form fields.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* In order to improve accessibility, the invalid form field now includes
  ``aria-invalid="true"`` HTML attribute.
```
